---
layout: post
author: Jflo
---
I finished the first version/prototype of my first ever game WrongRoad. I first came up with the initial concept of this game last year in my dorm. A game of chance where you have a 4/5 chance of getting a point. A really simple concept really. I first had coded it to work as a terminial command line game of sorts. So no pictures, no buttons, no clicking, just typing in the number and pressing enter. I had installed Enigma in order to change the colors of the output of my terminal, just to add to the aesthetics of the game, but I always felt as if I could add on to the game. Thus when Covid hit, I decided to convert the game to a Greenfoot Game. I had to redo most of the game, but I got it done. Greenfoot was probably not the best IDE to write the game with but I got it done. It is in a very early state though. Like this is only the beggining. I have planned multiple levels, allowing for a player to reach 50+ points, but that takes some time that I wish I had. Ok i do have time but its so hard to find motivation to do it. Nowadays im so bored of pretty much everything just sitting down and staring at my wall is my favprite hobby as of right now. Anyways back to tlaing about the game. I only have two levels. The first level is the first five points you can achieve. Just survive 5 times by not going on the road the serial killer goes on and you get a point. Very simple. Then you hit the SAFEHOUSE which right now looks nothing like what I want it to look like. We have the outside of a what looks to be a 7-Eleven type conveneience store right now, but I am planning on adding alot more to it. I want to add a character from anther game into it as the worker who works in the crappy store, and he is the one who is giving you the powerups mentioned in the game. It will be the start of some easter eggs I will be including in my games. I kinda want to start a legacy :). Anyways you get two powerups to choose from, which make surbinb the next 5 points a little easier. I am planning on adding alot more stuff, like more sfaehouses, secret safehouses, and checkpoints along the way if you somehow stumble across by going on specific roads in a specific order.... 
Anyways, enjoy the game for now, I havent uploaded the game to the Greenfoot website so if you want to play it you would have to clone the github code, as well as download Greenfoot... I know I know thats alot of work blame the developers of Greenfoot, apparently it was way easier to share games before but now, until I post the game it will be difficult to play it. I'm planning on doing so, just not now, I want to get alot more done until then sooooooo. Bye.
